In the last video we added a couple of pipes the uppercase pipefitters for the instance type and the
date type to transform the type.
But as I mentioned at the end of the last video it would be nice if you could configure a pipe because
this lay out here this way of displaying the date might not be did lay out the format of the data you
want to output so would be nice if it could parameterize apply.
And we can for example on the date here we can add a parameter to configure to apply it by adding a
colon.
And this is the case where any pipe you configure it you pass a parameter to it by adding a colon.
Of course the pipe needs to be able to handle a parameter.
And again I will come back to where to find out how these pipes work or what the build and pipes do
how they can be configured in a second that they pipe can take a parameter room and we simply added
after this colon.
Now Dave pipe expects to receive a String parameter.
So let's pass a string and there you basically set up the date.
I'll come back to the options you have in a second.
Now for the moment let's just enter full date camel case.
So a capital D.
Let's save this and go back to our application and you see now we get a better format to date.
Now might still not be what you want but again I will come back to our options in a second.
It is what I like to see here and this is how easy you can parameterize a pipe you can pass parameters
by simply adding a colon and then the parameter as a side note if you would have multiple parameters
here you'll simply separate them with additional colons.
So the date pi doesn't take an additional parameter but if it would you could pass it by adding a number
column and then the second parameter.
Now with this basic functionality set let's have a look at where you can learn more about the built
in pipes and how you can configure them.
Let's dive into this and the next lecture.